[Music]
Roger cafe that my friend Allison
two months ago and I'm obsessed with it
I've been like
bringing all my friends so well I gotta
then I you should see them long way but
I don't know the name can I call you
Mona Lisa I can't I bet you my wall I
just wanna know can I wait you let me
take fall I'm Anne yeah coffee we had
these breakfast sandwiches I was like
egg avocado bacon yeah all the puppies
puppies there's an overwhelming amount
of cute puppies here about a wheat you
has something very very embarrassing
happen that I just didn't share because
I was so excited to buy my Apple watch a
couple weeks ago and literally one week
after I bought it it was super special
to me because it was almost like a piece
of jewelry I was really proud of it and
I loved it but then I did something very
very done
I found a band that I thought was just
super cute so I bought it but it was a
third party band it was an Apple van the
moment I put it on my Apple watch it got
stuck it like I took it to the Apple
store no one could get the band off of
the watch I just freaked out like
freaked out um so I had to send I look
broke my Apple watch six days after I
got it
I was kind of kind of got me what's the
right word flustered
yeah it really flustered me and I know
it's an object and it you know whatever
I still have my health but it was like
not fun so I just got an email
that I can hopefully pick it up
hopefully they were able to remove it
without scratching up the watch I know
this is a very first world problem but
I'm so stoked to head to the Apple store
and get my watch again because I miss
being able to tell time and do things
what are you gonna what you guys so goo
got everything that no runs around your
finger like you gotta you gotta live you
got him you got it yep three to the
finger you get
[Music]
we all know we all know you got a bad
for each other
yeah doesn't matter well dump a lose
that pull some laundry done here with
Eric I just got back to my a guess
what bad I guess it's a lesson to get a
pair of warranty crop because they had
to completely replace my
for much I bought Apple here like $90
and they just couldn't get the baby
off the watch and they just completely
replace it so thank you Apple
like $90 worth it mr. Epson dinner from
a Marcus I go to a lot it's actually
delicious food I still cannot believe
about my Apple watch um I will no longer
buy third party stuff for Apple things
it was just so disappointing maybe that
was super stupid on my part and I just
didn't noticed it
but fun day of errands has it been fun
has it been fun but yeah just Halloween
is already upon New York City there are
so many people in costumes outside and
can't wait to see what Sunday and Monday
are about it is super rainy outside
forgive the New York that you're going
to hear with all the sirens and the
traffic jams but I have been doing much
of anything outside today I've stayed in
my PJs I've just been getting some work
done
so I figured I have a lot of new
beautiful faces that are following me
here on the youtubes thanks to the
lovely Eric and so what a perfect
opportunity to do a Q&A I took to
Twitter and you guys asked me
some interesting questions would you
rather fight a thousand squirrels or a
panda with a sword what are you most
passionate about this passion is key to
happiness and everybody wants to be
happy I think that is ever-evolving but
I've always been like super passionate
about whatever I'm doing whether it was
guitar or basketball in high school I
think right now I'm just super
passionate about making stuff and
creating with other Creators and getting
ish done if you could take me anywhere
right now where would you take me well
Luke I don't know you that well but you
say treble tells a lot about person so I
would try I would probably choose Greece
that was one of the best trips of my
life I went to use Santorini and Mykonos
best oh my gosh best 10 days of my life
where do you see yourself in 10 years if
I learned anything in just the past two
three years it's to really you can't
plan your life out I moved to Nashville
Tennessee like a year-and-a-half ago
from my hometown of Dallas Texas when I
moved to Nashville I was like I love
this place I'm going to live here for a
very long time and I only lasted
Nashville for about nine months
and then I moved to New York City um so
yeah I think you're just gonna see where
life takes you if you were a candle what
would your scent be something vanilla I
love all things vanilla big question why
did you drop out of college and take the
risk so I was in college for about three
and half years I was pursuing an
electrical engineering degree and I
switched your computer science degree I
had a year and a half left and just due
to my life circumstances it just
not make sense video was taking in my
life and it seemed like a viable option
as a career and it did not make sense
for me to stay in school to go into debt
for something that I hated I was
honestly more terrified of wasting that
year and a half and pursuing something
that I absolutely hated for the rest of
my life
opposed to actually taking that risk in
trying to pursue my hopes and dreams how
did you get on askgaryvee so I made a
viral video about a dude by the name of
Casey Neistat
and I knew Gary knew Casey and so Gary
was the first person I emailed after
that whole thing went down and I was
like yo Gary I want to be on your show
you can be on my show let's do this and
we made it happen are you going to move
to LA to further pursue film heck no I
just mentioned that you should go
wherever life takes you and not write
off really anything but I guarantee you
I will never live in LA California is so
great to visit there are some fabulous
places but I'm just not the biggest fan
of LA oh my gosh this question crunchy
or creamy peanut butter I don't know if
I can answer this because it's almost
like jiff versus gif I feel like I'm
going to start like a war in the
comments sections I'm a creamy peanut
butter person I like creamy peanut
butter last question oh my gosh it's
about Cheney so if you don't know
Jeannie is my mom I'm actually wearing a
gene EDG for president sweatshirt she
got everyone one of these for Christmas
last year and it's never been more
relevant maybe I need to write in
Jeannie deechi into the ballot
I'm sure GED she watches all of your
videos and sees everything you post does
that affect your freedom at any point
wow that is a question um I don't not
really uh my mom and I are very close
and I feel like I shouldn't be posting
anything that I wouldn't want my mom to
see online anyways so Jeannie is also
bomb at Twitter if you're not following
her on Twitter she's pretty much the
best mom that you can find on the
interwebs so go follow her
the Superfund Q&A thanks for asking me
questions on Twitter and again for the
homies that came over from Eric's
Channel
welcome thank you for joining Eric your
people are lovely y'all have already
seen like I don't want to scare them off
though cuz you're already seeing the rod
reel gross Sarah this is this yeah man
this is like staying inside getting work
done take a nap take a nap have you
taken a nap though have you like go go
come right now go phone text no not
sleep I'll wrap this up go take a nap so
welcome to the peachy Sam and if you're
curious yes Eric is as cool in real life
as he is in his vlogs and I'm pretty
sure Eric is doing his own little fun
Q&A on his channel today so make sure to
head over to his channel and watch that
until next time I have to go get some
talks done because I am flying to San
Diego tomorrow for this huge conference
Adobe MAX conference that I am all kinds
of excited for at the same time kind of
nervous for I will see you guys
wednesday for a new video until next
time stay peachy okay bye guys we're
squatting out hard here in New York I
have a new friend hey you thanks so much
for watching this video hit that like
button if you digged it and if you're
not subscribed yet tap on my face right
right there we squad up
sometimes you just got to get somewhere
a little bit faster and you only have
one booster boards